W-13729475 setup desktop duke (#78)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/implement-a-graphql-api-specification.adoc

.. *Project Name*: Type a name for your project.
.. *Project Location*: Select *Browse*, browse through your home directory, and click *OK* to select a specific location for your project.
.. Search for an API specification published in Exchange to implement. +

> Start typing the name of the API specification that you want to implement and press Return to get a list of possible results. Click *Add asset* to select the API specification that you want:

Author: ```suggestion
Start typing the name of the API specification that you intend to implement, and press Return to display a list of possible results. Click *Add asset* to select the API specification that you want:
```
